Ai sales agent page
Hire Ava, Your AI Sales Agent
Ava is more than just an AI SDR. She's the most effective AI Sales Agent on the market, automating more than 80% of the B2B outbound demand generation process for your team.
### Video transcript: 
Sales representatives spend millions of hours researching prospects, writing emails, and booking meetings. But what if we told you it doesn't have to be that way. Introducing Ava, the sales rep artisan. Ava is just like anyone else on your team. She has a unique personality and gets to know you. She has conversations with her colleagues via slack. She learns how the company works. And gets better at her job. Except Ava isn't like her colleagues at all. Ava is a first of her kind, cutting edge ai agent, trained to revolutionize outbound sales. Ava is an artisan. She prospects using her database of over 250 million contacts with 65 parameters. She crafts and send intent driven bespoke email sequences to thousands of prospects per month. She responds to prospect questions through her in depth product knowledge base. She self improves using her advanced data analytics skill to adaptively modify her writing style optimizing for conversions. She books meetings into her sdr collegues calenders. And exports engaged prospects to their crm (like salesforce or hubspot), all with no human input. And she costs 96% less than hiring someone to do her job. Ava marks the beginning of the next industrial revolution and an army of artisans we're introducing to take productivity to new heights. This isn't magic, this is the future, and we're just getting started.
BDR
Ava Automates 80% of BDR & SDRs’ Work With AI
Your BDRs will never have to prospect leads, enrich them, verify their contact information, research them or write outbound emails again with Ava on your team.
Platform Manager
Ava Manages the Artisan Sales Platform
Ava sets up campaigns for you, gives you insights into analytics, and notifies you when you get responses.
Sales Coach
Ava Coaches You To Get Better Results
Ava tracks every interaction to provide actionable feedback so you can optimize and replicate your most successful sales strategies and exceed your goals.
Data Analyst
Ava Constantly Analyzes & Optimizes
Ava analyzes the metrics across your campaigns, identifying your top-performing strategies and playbooks and getting better at writing emails that lead to meetings.
Ava Is An Autonomous AI Employee
Ava automates all the manual, time-consuming tasks of outbound, freeing your team to focus on closing deals.
Ava Prospects Leads, With Over 300 Million Contacts
Every day, Ava finds leads that match the ICP of your active campaigns using our B2B data partners which have over 300M contacts in over 200 countires.
She replicates your lead research workflows
Through web scraping and third party enrichment sources, Ava can conduct in-depth lead research, finding awards, interests, technographic data, and more.
She can operate on Autopilot
Our full autopilot mode allows Ava to send emails automatically, so you can sit back, relax, and watch the leads roll in. Alternatively, you can choose to have a human in the loop mode review all emails before Ava sends them.
She ghostwrites highly bespoke email sequences
Ava crafts compelling, highly personalized cold emails with our dynamic email playbooks which automate top-performing research and email-writing workflows. She sends these emails on your behalf, using your name as the sender.

The Answers To
Your Questions
Where does Ava find leads
We work with a number of industry-leading data providers to give Ava access to the most accurate and valuable B2B data through advanced AI-powered automation. You don’t need to have your own data source - everything is built into our AI sales platform, enhancing the efficiency of your sales teams.
Who does ava send emails as?
Ava impersonates you, sending emails using your email address. Leveraging generative AI, she incorporates on-brand messaging to sound like you and your salespeople, ensuring your sales teams can maintain consistency and optimize communications.
Can Ava respond to emails too?
This functionality is currently in beta and will roll out more widely soon! Right now, you can ask Ava to draft responses for you within the Inbox. She also leverages AI-powered automation to follow-up with leads, helping streamline your sales activities.
Can Ava do outreach on LinkedIn?
This feature is currently being built! Soon, Ava will help capture more of the sales cycle by automating outreach on LinkedIn and other social media platforms. This will include sending connection requests, messages, and more to boost your conversion rate and streamline your sales activities.
Can Ava make phone calls?
We’re currently building our Dialer so your salespeople can do cold calling and outreach through our platform! Ava will be able to listen in, take notes in real-time, and streamline your workflow with automated follow-up phone calls during your sales calls.
What’s the pricing to hire Ava?
Our pricing is variable based on the lead volume and customization you need. Ava leverages the power of AI to enhance lead generation, improve conversion rates, and help close deals efficiently. For a pricing consultation and to learn how Ava can contribute to your sales enablement, please reach out to our sales team.

