Artisan Home Page
Making Sure Emails Hit Inboxes Is Our Business
Effective emails are futile if they're trapped in the spam folder. We offer the most robust out-of-the-box email deliverability solution on the market.
Companies that have worked with Artisan:

CBRE
Remote
Databricks
Treatwell
Fondo
Qualified
Crehana

Monitor section (Monitoring Deliverability Metrics)
DNS Settings Tracking
Ava automatically checks your domain DNS settings on a daily basis to ensure your SPF, DKIM, DMARC, R-DNS, A & MX records are set up correctly.
Mailbox Health Monitoring
Each mailbox has a health score, which is a numerical representative of all email address vital signs Ava tracks.
Placement Tests
Ongoing placement tests to ensure you're landing in the primary inbox, not the spam folder.
Improve section (Actively Improving Deliverability)
Dynamic Send Limits
Ava dynamically adjusts the daily send limit of each mailbox based on its health score and placement tests.
Email Warmup
AI-driven email warmup sends emails to bots that engage positively to balance any negative responses to cold outbound.
Easy Unsubscribe
Leads can automatically opt-out by responding to the cold email, so you avoid getting marked as spam.
Optimize section (Optimizing to avoid spam filters)
Data Cleaning
All email addresses are bounce-tested and validated before being contacted, reducing bounced emails.
Safe Email Content
Ava avoids links and spam words and follows all deliverability best practices when writing emails for you.
Unique Content Generation
All emails are uniquely researched and written by Ava, and signatures are rotated to avoid getting snowshoed by ESPs.
All Included In One Subscription
Access all of these features and so many more with Artisan Sales.
Intent Data, Deliverability management, data analysis, b2b data, ai sales playbooks, 3rd party data enrichment, end to end demand generation, hyper personalized email writing
Email warmup, deliverability optimization, outbound crm, lead research, lead discovery, bounce testing, web scraping, translation, timezone tracking
Ready to Supercharge Your Outbound?
Our AI-first platform equips your team with best-in-class outbound tools and our AI BDR Ava, who automates your entire outbound workflow.