A Customizable AI Outbound Platform,
Built for Enterprise
Artisan Sales is designed with enterprise in mind. We push the boundaries of what’s possible with software, automating and optimizing how outbound is done - the days of Outreach, Salesloft & Clay are over.

Features
Why Enterprise Should Switch to Artisan
Save on Software License Fees
Save millions of dollars every year with our consolidated platform. We offer every tool you need, under one simple subscription.

Save on Software License Fees
Stop Reps Context Switching
Our platform consolidates every tool you need – from lead discovery to deliverability optimization – allowing reps to focus on closing deals without interruption.

Stop Reps Context Switching
Save on Headcount
Maximize your resources and reduce the need for additional hires. By automating routine tasks and optimizing workflows, your existing team can handle higher volumes of outbound more efficiently.

Save on Headcount
Replicate Top-Performing Reps
Turn your best reps’ winning strategies into automated AI Playbooks. Your team will be able to execute these proven methods and watch your sales processes continuously self-optimize for maximum efficiency.

Replicate Top-Performing Reps
Standardize Messaging Across Your Team
Ensure your outreach is unified and consistent with our AI Playbooks and tone of voice tools, amplifying your team’s ability to win over prospects.

Standardize Messaging Across Your Team
Our platform automates all manual research and writing tasks your reps currently handle, freeing up their time to focus on higher value activities like building customer relationships and taking calls.

We Make Sure Your Emails Hit Inboxes
Our AI-driven email warmup builds sender reputation, while easy unsubscribe options prevent spam reports. We also validate email addresses with built-in bounce testing and data cleaning.

DNS Settings Tracking
Ensure your domain DNS settings are always setup correctly, maintaining your sender reputation and improving deliverability.

Mailbox Health Monitoring
Daily monitoring of the health of each mailbox you have linked to optimize inbox placement.

Placement Tests
Ongoing placement tests to ensure you're landing in the primary inbox, not the spam folder.

Dynamic Send Limits
We dynamically adjust the daily send limit of each mailbox based on several deliverability metrics like bounce rate and sender score.

Email Warmup
Build your sender reputation with AI-driven email warmup, which sends positive emails to bots to help balance your cold outbound communications and avoid spam folders.

B2B Data Coverage in Over200 Countries
Ava has data coverage globally, to complement her ability to research and write emails in over 40 languages.

Pilot, Compare & Switch Seamlessly
Transitioning onto Artisan is effortless. We will work closely with you to integrate Artisan into your existing sales stack & workflows, replacing & automating inferior tools.

Phase 1: Pilot
1
Discovery Call
Initial call with your sales leadership to understand your existing outbound workflow and objectives.

2
Proposal
Detailed outline of how we will pilot Artisan within your sales team, including timeline, deliverables, and pricing.

3
Implementation Strategy Call
Discussion with your leadership team to ensure alignment and performance metrics are established for seamless execution.

4
Kick Off Pilot With Sample of Your Outbound Org
We'll onboard 5-10 of your BDRs onto Artisan and train them on how to set up campaigns and maximize value on our platform.

5
Weekly Sync With Account Manager
Your team will have a weekly check-in with one of our expert Account Managers, who will ensure things are running smoothly and suggest strategies to optimize your campaigns.

Phase 2: Full Rollout
1
Transition Strategy Meeting
We'll reflect on pilot outcomes and scope out full org requirements, before expanding Artisan across your entire sales team.

2
Integration With Your Full Software Stack
We'll seamlessly integrate our solution with your existing sales stack to ensure smooth data flow and operational continuity.

3
Development of All Required Custom Features
Our team will custom engineer our platform to align with your unique workflows and requirements.

4
Platform Training for Your Sales Team
Comprehensive training sessions for your reps to ensure they are skilled and confident in using the new platform.

5
Hands-On Technical Support
Receive dedicated support throughout the transition period to address any issues promptly and minimize disruptions.

6
Ongoing Support From Your Account Manager
Frequent check-ins from one of our expert account managers to ensure your needs are promptly addressed.

Safety & Security

Privacy & Security Are In Our DNA
For us, safety is just as important as innovation. We take rigorous measures to exceed security and compliance expectations.

Certifications
We’re in the process of obtaining the following industry-standard certifications: AICPA SOC, ISO, PCI DSS compliant

Data Protection
We ensure email content protection you can opt out of using your data to train our models. Your leads & CRM data is securely protected and never shared with other users.

Internal Policies
We prioritize stringent data access protection, offer prompt deletion upon request, and employ robust cybersecurity measures to safeguard your information against unauthorized access and potential threats.