Consolidate Your Outbound Sales Stack Into Our AI-First Platform
Put an end to context switching and save on multiple software license fees. We offer the best tools for every stage of outbound, from lead discovery and enrichment to deliverability optimization, with an AI Sales Agent to manage it all.

Boost The Productivity of Your Sales Reps Without Increasing Headcount
Ava, our AI BDR, is there to support your sales team by automating the entire lead discovery, research, email strategy and writing process, so they can focus on high leverage activities like calling prospects and building personal networks.

Features

Grow Your Sales Team Seamlessly With
Software That’s Built to Scale
Whether you’re entering new markets, expanding your sales force, or optimizing your outreach tactics, our platform provides the flexibility and volume needed to support your growth.

Billions of B2B Data Points Across 200+ Countries
Easily expand into global markets and make your outbound motion more targeted and intent-driven without ballooning your stack of sales enablement tools.

Billions of B2B Data Points Across 200+ Countries
Scale Your Success With AI Playbooks
Replicate your top-performing outbound strategies across your entire team with our AI-engineered Playbooks.

Scale Your Success With AI Playbooks
Deliverability Optimization For Any Email Volume
Scale your outbound efforts without risking your domain reputation with our armory of built-in deliverability protection products and secondary domain management service.

Deliverability Optimization For Any Email Volume
Organize Your Outbound Strategy Across Your Team
Have your entire team manage and automate their outbound efforts from within the Artisan platform, and assign reps different accounts and territories as required.

We Can Take Care of Your Entire Lead Gen Process For You
Whether you're looking to enhance your existing outbound or outsource completely, we've got you covered.

Per-Seat Management
1
Get Onboarded On Team Accounts
Each BDR gets an Artisan account where they are trained on how to set up, monitor, and optimize their outreach campaigns.

2
Daily Review of Ava’s Work
Reps review & approve emails that Ava has drafted, or emails are sent automatically with Autopilot.

3
Response Handling and Meeting Booking
When Ava receives a response, they take over to engage with the lead and book in a meeting.

4
Outbound Strategy Refinement
Reps can compliment Ava's self-optimization by running split tests on different audience targeting, messaging and Playbooks.

Agency Level Management
1
Full Account, ICP & Campaign Set Up
We set up your campaigns for you and manage everything on the platform.

2
ICP Discovery
If you haven't figured out your ICP yet, we'll also A/B test different prospects for you to ensure you're reaching the most relevant and intent-driven leads.

3
Ongoing Campaign Set up, Testing & Monitoring
We monitor and compare different campaigns to continually optimize results.

4
Human Response Management and Scheduling
Our human team will handle all responses, nurturing them into booked meetings in your calendar.

5
Qualified Sales Meetings In Your Diary
You can just sit back, relax, and watch the meetings roll in.

Increase Opportunity Volume With Your Sales AI Sidekick, Ava
Ava takes care of finding & engaging leads, so your team can focus on building a network, handling objections and closing deals.

Choosing the Right Domain For Email Outreach
Deciding whether to use your main domain or a secondary domain for cold email outreach is crucial for maintaining your brand's reputation and deliverability rates.

Main Domain
1
Enhances Brand Recognition
People who are familiar with your domain will be more receptive to cold emails sent from it.

2
Builds Trust With Recipients
Sending emails from your main domain assures recipients of the email’s authenticity.

3
Drives Traffic Directly To Your Website
Adding links to domains different to the one your sending from poses deliverability risks. By using your main domain, you can safely add links to your site in emails.

Secondary Domain
1
Protect Primary Domain Reputation
A secondary domain shields your main domain from potential spam complaints.

2
Minimize Risk of Blacklisting
Using a secondary domain reduces the chance of your primary domain being blacklisted due to high email volumes.

3
Test and Optimize Campaigns Worry-Free
Experiment with different email strategies without impacting your main domain.

4
Keep Your Work Email Clutter-Free
Keeps your primary domain’s inbox clear by handling bulk outbound messages through a secondary domain.

For large-scale cold email outreach, we recommend using a well-configured secondary domain alongside your main domain.

Save Time & Money

Why You Should Go With
Artisan Sales
Consolidate your sales enablement stack, achieve a lower cost per meeting booked, and scale seamlessly with Artisan Sales.

Save On Headcount
With Artisan Sales, 80% of your outbound team’s tasks are automated, so you can reach more people without growing your team.

An AI BDR That Self-Optimizes
Ava isn't your average AI sales assistant. Not only does she automate tasks, she also learns from your feedback over time, just like a real human would.

Get Up and Running Within A Week
Learning to use Artisan Sales takes minutes - and with our dedicated support team's help, you'll be onboarded and live within days!

Replicate Your Top Performers
Using our AI Playbooks, we can work with you to automate your top-performing outbound research & writing workflows.

All-In-One Subscription
From email deliverability to B2B data, we've got it all. We've built best-in-class products for the entire outbound cycle, all in one place.

Intent-Driven Outbound
Harness the power of behavioral, firmographic, technographic, search term, social media keyword, review site and competitor user intent data.