Never Use A Template Again:
Meet AI Playbooks
AI Sales Playbooks automate the process of researching leads for specific characteristics and writing hyper-personalized emails. They follow top-performing cold email strategies.

Before & After Sales Playbooks
Playbooks take your email personalization to the next level without your team lifting a finger. Taking you from general templates without any specific data to eye catching specific information relevant to the customer.

Templates Are So 2023,
Meet Email Playbooks
Get An Email From Ava
Choose a Playbook below and Ava will prospect you the same way she does leads on our platform! Just enter your email below and wait for Ava to work her magic...

Classic Sales Pitch
- Compliment, Relate and Sell
Ultrahuman (Coming Soon)
-AI-Written, With A Human Touch
Uno Reverse
Ask Engaging Questions, Then Sell

Playbooks Automate Researching, Writing & Sending
Hyper-Personalized Cold Emails
1
Advanced Lead Research
Ava uses web scraping and our data partners to research each lead for data like achievements, personal interests, recent social posts and job changes. She looks for different information depending on the playbook.

2
Bespoke Email Crafting
Our proprietary LLM pipeline combines industry-leading models from Google, OpenAI and Anthropic with in-house fine tuned models to create human-like emails.

3
Coaching
You can coach each Playbook for each campaign to adjust the tone of voice, writing style and content to align more closely with your brand and strategy.

Custom Playbooks

Automate Any Manual Outbound Strategy With Custom Playbooks
We can work with you to automate any research and email writing workflows your sales team are currently manually doing.

Replicate Your Top Performers
With custom Playbooks, we can take your best reps’ strategies, automate them, and make them available to the entire sales team.

Replicate Your Top Performers
Save Time & Money
Custom Playbooks free up hours of time your team would otherwise spend tediously researching leads & writing emails, so they can focus on high-leverage activities.

Save Time & Money
Your Best Strategies Start Self-Improving
Custom Playbooks have built-in self-optimization capabilities which use reinforcement learning to adapt writing styles, optimizing for positive responses.