Sales-ai page info

The Ultimate Outbound Sales AI Platform
Every tool you need for outbound sales, and an AI BDR to manage it all. Our platform leverages the latest in AI technology to automate and optimize the manual tasks of outbound sales, to free your team to do more high-leverage activities.

Core Features
Features For Every Stage of Outbound
Consolidate and automate your outbound sales stack with our AI-first platform.

Over 300M B2B Data Contacts
By aggregating 10s of different data sources, we equip Ava and your team with the most comprehensive B2B data on the market. Through our data partners and proprietary web scraping infrastructure, we collect demographic, firmographic, technographic, online activity and intent data.

Email Warmup
Our system sends emails to bots that respond positively, helping you build a strong sender reputation. This ensures your cold outbound emails reach their targets effectively.

Sales AI Playbooks
Say goodbye to email templates. Deploy proven outbound strategies with our AI-driven Playbooks, which replicate top-performing research and email-writing workflows.

Outbound Automation
Ava automates 80% of your outbound demand generation workflow, so your team can focus on cultivating meaningful customer relationships. She covers everything from finding leads to managing your outbound strategy.

How It Works
Artisan Simplifies, Automates & Consolidates Your Outbound Workflow

1. Set Up Your Campaigns
   Launch and manage multiple outbound campaigns, each with their own audience, pitch & messaging.

2. Ava Finds Leads Daily
   Ava leverages our B2B database of over 300 million contacts to identify leads matching your ICP. Simply specify your criteria, and Ava handles the rest.

3. Automatic Prospect Research
   Ava researches prospects using web scraping and third-party data providers to enrich their profiles with data on their achievements, tech stack, and much more.

4. AI Playbooks Replicate Outbound Strategies
   Ava can replicate the research and writing workflows your team does manually. Ava has predefined winning playbooks available, or we can work with you to automate your existing strategies.

5. Review Emails, or Have Ava Send Them
   Each day, Ava will ghostwrite emails to prospects. They will then be presented to your team to review - or with autopilot on, they'll be automatically sent.

6. Track and Optimize with Advanced Analytics
   Get detailed insights and performance metrics to make data-driven decisions and optimize your sales strategy.

Hey there I'm Ava
Meet Our First Artisan, Ava, the AI Sales Agent

Ava automates 80% of a BDR's workflow. More than just an AI assistant, she autonomously streamlines your entire sales process. She finds you high-quality prospects, does advanced research on them, and drafts hyper-personalized emails to boost your conversion rates.

Video transcript: 
Sales representatives spend millions of hours researching prospects, writing emails, and booking meetings. But what if we told you it doesn't have to be that way. Introducing Ava, the sales rep artisan. Ava is just like anyone else on your team. She has a unique personality and gets to know you. She has conversations with her colleagues via slack. She learns how the company works. And gets better at her job. Except Ava isn't like her colleagues at all. Ava is a first of her kind, cutting edge ai agent, trained to revolutionize outbound sales. Ava is an artisan. She prospects using her database of over 250 million contacts with 65 parameters. She crafts and send intent driven bespoke email sequences to thousands of prospects per month. She responds to prospect questions through her in depth product knowledge base. She self improves using her advanced data analytics skill to adaptively modify her writing style optimizing for conversions. She books meetings into her sdr collegues calenders. And exports engaged prospects to their crm (like salesforce or hubspot), all with no human input. And she costs 96% less than hiring someone to do her job. Ava marks the beginning of the next industrial revolution and an army of artisans we're introducing to take productivity to new heights. This isn't magic, this is the future, and we're just getting started.

Enterprise
Artisan For Enterprise

We're building the next generation of outbound software: all-in-one and AI-first. The days of a 15-product stack centered around Outreach or SalesLoft are over.

Talk to Sales

Consolidate Your Fragmented Stack
We consolidate every tool your team needs for outbound with best-in-class products - from B2B Data to Email Warmup.

Free Reps to Focus on High-Leverage Work
Ava automates over 80% of your BDRs' outbound workflow, and does it more effectively. This frees up your reps so they focus on high-leverage activities like calling prospects and closing deals.

Automate Your Best Manual Strategies
We can build custom Playbooks that replicate the research & email writing workflows of your top performers, automate them with Ava, and make them available to the entire team.

Plays Well With Others
Easily integrates with the tools you already use.

Replaces Them Entirely
Consolidate 10s of tools with one Artisan subscription.