Consolidated Outbound Sales Automation
Artisan Sales, our AI-driven sales automation platform, and Ava, our Sales Artisan, work in symbiosis to automate more than 80% of your outbound sales tasks. We utilize cutting-edge AI to automate and streamline your sales process more effectively than any other platform.

Features
Ava Takes the Burden Off Your Sales Team

Lead Discovery

Automatically find B2B professional & e-commerce leads with over 300M contacts available.

Lead Research

Automatically research leads for information on their online activity, recent company events, intent signals and so much more.

Sales Strategy

Playbooks take a waterfall approach of finding the most relevant personalization and messaging for each lead.

Email Writing

Our proprietary LLM pipeline writes high-quality, hyper-personalized emails.

Send Management

The platform spaces out emails from 6am to 6pm, Monday to Friday in the leads' timezones.

Deliverability Optimization

Every mailbox’s health is constantly tracked and dynamic send limits are applied based on their scores.

Response Rate Optimization

Ava will adaptively modify her writing style, optimizing for positive sentiment responses.

Plays well with others. Easily integrates with the tools you already use or replaces them entirely. Consolidate 10s of tools with one artisan subscription.

Save Time & Money

Why You Should Switch to
Artisan Sales
We've got the best sales AI software on the market. We're product-driven, user-centric, and determined to bring outbound sales into the age of AI.

Save On Headcount
With Artisan Sales, 80% of your outbound team’s tasks are automated, so you can reach more people without growing your team.

An AI BDR That Self-Optimizes
Ava isn't your average AI sales assistant. Not only does she automate tasks, she also learns from your feedback over time, just like a real human would.

Get Up and Running Within A Week
Learning to use Artisan Sales takes minutes - and with our dedicated support team's help, you'll be onboarded and live within days!

Replicate Your Top Performers
Using our AI Playbooks, we can work with you to automate your top-performing outbound research & writing workflows.

All-In-One Subscription
From email deliverability to B2B data, we've got it all. We've built best-in-class products for the entire outbound cycle, all in one place.

Intent-Driven Outbound
Harness the power of behavioral, firmographic, technographic, search term, social media keyword, review site and competitor user intent data.