Your Outbound Done For You
– Quick, Affordable & Easy
You can get fully set up on our platform in just three days and we offer on-hand support to ensure you’ll get maximum value out of outbound.

Features
Don’t Have Product Market Fit Yet?
Use Our Platform To Find Your ICP
Over 300M B2B Data Contacts Across 200+ Countries
Finding the right people to reach out to as a startup can be daunting. Once you've defined your ICP, Ava will automatically prospect, research and enrich leads for you.

Over 300M B2B Data Contacts Across 200+ Countries
Set Campaigns To A/B Test Your ICP and Messaging
Our platform provides a robust testing ground to hone in on your ICP and messaging. Set up multiple campaigns to A/B test different strategies and analyze the results to fine-tune your approach.

Set Campaigns To A/B Test Your ICP and Messaging
Become An Instant Outbound Expert With Our AI Playbooks
Save yourself the stress of countless hours on Google. Replicate and automate top-performing outbound strategies without any expertise or industry knowledge with our AI playbooks.

Become An Instant Outbound Expert With Our AI Playbooks
Free Up Time Spent on Manual Tasks
Concentrate on growth and customer relationships without getting bogged down by the repetitive tasks of outbound sales. Ava automates 80% of the lead gen process, from finding leads and researching them to writing emails and following up.

Free Up Time Spent on Manual Tasks
We Have Every Measure To Protect Your Domain & Ensure Deliverability
As a startup, your domain is new and vulnerable to damage if you use it for cold outbound. We can set up a secondary one for you with the proper protective measures, warm it up, and get you sending

DNS Settings Tracking
Ensure your domain DNS settings are always setup correctly, maintaining your sender reputation and improving deliverability.

Mailbox Health Monitoring
Daily monitoring of the health of each mailbox you have linked to optimize inbox placement.

Placement Tests
Ongoing placement tests to ensure you're landing in the primary inbox, not the spam folder.

Dynamic Send Limits
We dynamically adjust the daily send limit of each mailbox based on several deliverability metrics like bounce rate and sender score.

Email Warmup
Build your sender reputation with AI-driven email warmup, which sends positive emails to bots to help balance your cold outbound communications and avoid spam folders.

B2B Data Coverage in Over200 Countries
Ava has data coverage globally, to complement her ability to research and write emails in over 40 languages.

We Can Take Care of Your Entire Lead Gen Process For You
Whether you're looking to enhance your existing outbound or outsource completely, we've got you covered.

Do It Yourself
1
Get Set Up Within A Week
Breeze through a quick onboarding session with Ava, where she guides you through how to set up your account and first campaign.

2
Create and Launch Campaigns
Create and manage as many campaigns as you want, testing different ICPs and messaging.

3
Daily Review of Ava's Work
Review the leads and emails that Ava has drafted, before approving them to be sent. Or, set Ava on Autopilot to automatically send emails and save loads of time.

4
Response Handling and Meeting Booking
When Ava receives a response, she'll let you know so you can take over and nurture the lead to book in a meeting.

5
Outbound Strategy Refinement
Consistently optimize your campaigns based on the comprehensive data from our analytics dashboard.

Agency Level Management
1
Full Account, ICP & Campaign Set Up
We set up your campaigns for you and manage everything on the platform.

2
ICP Discovery
If you haven't figured out your ICP yet, we'll also A/B test different prospects for you to ensure you're reaching the most relevant and intent-driven leads.

3
Ongoing Campaign Set up, Testing & Monitoring
We monitor and compare different campaigns to continually optimize results.

4
Human Response Management and Scheduling
Our human team will handle all responses, nurturing them into booked meetings in your calendar.

5
Qualified Sales Meetings In Your Diary
You can just sit back, relax, and watch the meetings roll in.

Save Time & Money

Why You Should Go With
Artisan Sales
Consolidate your sales enablement stack, achieve a lower cost per meeting booked, and scale seamlessly with Artisan Sales.

Save On Headcount
With Artisan Sales, 80% of your outbound team’s tasks are automated, so you can reach more people without growing your team.

An AI BDR That Self-Optimizes
Ava isn't your average AI sales assistant. Not only does she automate tasks, she also learns from your feedback over time, just like a real human would.

Get Up and Running Within A Week
Learning to use Artisan Sales takes minutes - and with our dedicated support team's help, you'll be onboarded and live within days!

Replicate Your Top Performers
Using our AI Playbooks, we can work with you to automate your top-performing outbound research & writing workflows.

All-In-One Subscription
From email deliverability to B2B data, we've got it all. We've built best-in-class products for the entire outbound cycle, all in one place.

Intent-Driven Outbound
Harness the power of behavioral, firmographic, technographic, search term, social media keyword, review site and competitor user intent data.